So am I eligible to participate in the bidding process now?
Use it, I will immediately start the plan for the year
Xunxun, since you are sincere,
I just told you that I don’t want you to marry me in the future.
There must be a reason
This single-handedly changed the Mu family from Muyo to
Brought to third-rate time
The person he danced with was at fault
Xunxunqian, you said earlier that you and Long Yue could be saved.
is this true
So is this a collaboration with other One Hundred and One?
Either that or it belongs to our family.
Dad, Wan Ning now has the test equipment.
Give you feedback
If Wan Ning could try out the equipment
If you succeed, you owe these 10 billion
Let’s try for the position of our general manager.
Although I don’t know what you are trying to do with this person
Here's one you can try
This is a 10 billion contract for trial equipment
It doesn’t mean that it’s fine if it’s in the middle.
If you want to travel to a guaranteed school district, try it.
We become seven-two-one
Just try this, try it, try it
This is the qualification to participate in the competition
You end up using these tens of billions of projects
Flower experts still have to look at the plan, right?
But our purpose is right
After our choice
Project your lady’s plan
Really don't understand
But compared to Ye Shao’s plan, it’s still
Yue quickly pulled it
so i choose
Tonight's contract is Longye Road